< analytical skills >
"Curiosity": a desire to know more about something, asking the right questions

"Understanding context": understanding where information fits into the “big picture”

"Having a technical mindset": breaking big things into smaller steps

"Data design": thinking about how to organize data and information

"Data strategy": thinking about the people, processes, and tools used in data analysis 

You will put an X in the column that you think best describes your current level with each aspect. 
The three ratings are

"Strength": This is an area you feel is one of your strengths

"Developing": You have some experience with this area, but there's still significant room for growth

"Emerging": This is new to you, and will gain experience in this area from this course 

< data life cycle >
You learned that there are six stages to the data life cycle.
"Here is a recap":
"Plan": Decide what kind of data is needed, how it will be managed, and who will be responsible for it.

"Capture": Collect or bring in data from a variety of different sources.

"Manage": Care for and maintain the data.
This includes determining how and where it is stored and the tools used to do so.

"Analyze": Use the data to solve problems, make decisions, and support business goals.

"Archive": Keep relevant data stored for long-term and future reference.

"Destroy": Remove data from storage and delete any shared copies of the data.

"Warning": Be careful not to mix up or confuse the six stages of the 
data life cycle (Plan, Capture, Manage, Analyze, Archive, and Destroy) 
with the six phases of the data analysis life cycle (Ask, Prepare, Process, Analyze, Share, and Act).
They shouldn't be used or referred to interchangeably.

The data life cycle provides a generic or common framework for how data is managed.
You may recall that variations of the data analysis life cycle were described in Origins of the data analysis process.
The same can be done for the data life cycle.
The rest of this reading provides a glimpse of how government, finance, and education institutions can view data life cycles a little differently.

